## The purpose of the project
In our project developed a number of technical solutions intended for the search and identification of the major concentrations of ocean food fish with the use of survey data and the remote sensing satellites of the Earth. Today, condition monitoring and dynamics of living in the ocean of large communities of marine life is made for scientific studies, environmental monitoring, environmental (prevention of illegal fishing) estimates of the volume and composition of biological resources, as well as for fishing and exploration. Traditionally, the collection of the necessary information was produced from plying on the ocean, ships, and remotely, by aerial reconnaissance. With the emergence of systems of remote sensing of the Earth from space, the scale of observation has become more global. In particular, the objectives of the ocean monitoring experts available satellite data measurements of a large number of Oceanographic characteristics (e.g. surface temperature, chlorophyll content, etc.). In the past decade, there are also remote sensing satellites producing imagery of the Earth's surface with a resolution of 1 meter and above. This permission allows us to detect and subsequently identify individual objects.

## The key ideas of the project
Fishing vessels fishing, most of the time spend in the search for accumulations of commercial fish. A long period of search is high costs, so experts are looking for ways to improve fishing exploration. Now the main search tool among fishermen are sonars with limited range. To localize the areas of search used fishing forecasts, compiled by experts on the basis of the data of perennial observations of the behaviour of commercial fish and identified links with the current characteristics of the ocean and the time of year. A large part of the commercial fish species (called pelagic) spends time deep under the sea surface; in this case, fish accumulation can be observed visually. Using this fact, at the time, the professionals connected high hopes with the use of aviazionnoj ryborazvodnoj, so that observers directly from the aircraft could detect concentrations of fish and to pass this information to fishing vessels. Unfortunately, it turns out that aviation riverside effective only in cases when on the basis of its koordiniruyutsya actions of a large number of ships (ideally a few tens) as means of expensive aircraft to operate. We analyzed accumulated in the field experience and data specialists found that large pelagic aggregations of commercial fish can be observed including from space. Preliminary assessment indicate that the characteristics of imaging equipment for many operating remote sensing satellites (such as Worldvew, Geoeye, Pleiades, SPOT) can provide the required quality of imaging for detection and identification of fish aggregations. In our project we will install and explain the technology of obtaining the required shooting, processing, detection and identification of fish and receive information about their coordinates.

## Tasks
In our project we highlight the main tasks, the solution algorithm to be developed:

The designation of areas of search. Zones of the ocean that produces fish, have a surface area of tens to hundreds of thousands of square kilometers, while the single high-resolution capture of several square kilometers. It is clear that aerial surveys of the entire area quickly produce impossible. You need to install the key characteristics that will determine the areas of interest.
Localization locations. To verify the presence of the large concentrations of fish is necessary to fix the fishing cluster in the picture from the satellite accumulation must be in the shot. It is necessary to consider both the migration of fish, the presence of a satellite over the area, weather conditions, etc.
Identification of fish aggregations. Even the most experienced observer can be confused with fish accumulation of some of the objects similar in color and dimensions: the accumulation of algae or debris, shadows from clouds, etc. Require a method of reliable identification of fish aggregations on the basis of one of the techniques of computer object recognition based on objective parameters.
The limitations and difficulties of
There are objective restrictions we develop technologies for application in practice, in particular:

Many fishing areas, particularly in the Northern seas, are often covered by clouds, making a satellite survey possible. Sustainable technology can be used for a limited number of areas.
Existing high-resolution satellites intended primarily to survey the land. If necessary shooting fish aggregations, the satellite may be unavailable: busy with another task or the trajectory will not be located over the desired area.
Prospects of development and application
Despite these limitations, we believe that the development of these technologies will be the new level of development of the fishing exploration and in the General case, monitoring systems, ocean aquaculture. In particular, the experts consider it a very promising application of means of remote-controlled aircraft to monitor fishing areas. In this case, the combination of results of monitoring from UAVs and satellites, a clear procedure will improve the search quality. In addition, we have developed methods of processing the results of the survey of the sea surface can be adapted for use on UAVs.
